docsp-27681 - move example classes (#150)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/usage-examples.txt

For more information about connecting to your MongoDB instance, see the
:ref:`Connection Guide <csharp-connection>`.

Example Classes
---------------

> The usage examples in this section use the following ``Restaurant``, ``Address``, and
> ``GradeEntry`` classes as models:

Reviewer: S: in this introduction, mention the db/collection as well, to provide some context. Perhaps something like:
```suggestion
The usage examples in this section demonstrate how to perform operatons on documents in the
``restaurants`` collection. The examples use the following ``Restaurant``, ``Address``, and
``GradeEntry`` classes to model the data in this collection:
```
Or, you can add this information to the first sentence earlier in this file that says "These examples use the 
[sample datasets](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/sample-data/) provided by Atlas." because this suggests that the examples use more than one collection, but its seems like they all use the `restaurants` collection.

Author: I think the first option still suggests that the ``restaurants`` collection is part of the Atlas sample datasets, so I went with that
